The web was designed to be simple. Lets get back to that

						Verbiage for Services Page

	With a streamlined and easy to explain process I will introduce your web dreams to reality. Whether it is
quick and easy Wordpress installation / bug fixes / layout and design changes / or a brand new site there is no 
reason it has to be complicated! Pricing is always done competitevly and BELOW industry standards. Brian, why would
you charge so little for these services in comparison to other companies and business? Are your services of an
inferior quality? No, the reason I am willing and able to charge less than many others for the SAME quality work
is because with a simple process comes a simple price. When I worked for other design and development companies 
they would routinely price guoge their clients charging exorbatint hourly rates simply because the clients didnt
understand the nature of the work. (Also design companies have to pay everyone on payroll, not just the web
designer, so the price you see is inflated to compensate that. When doing web business with me, the only person
who needs to be paid is... well me! )If the work is simple the pricing will be simple. I can assure you that after
working with me, you will never go back to doing business with a design company again. 


						Verbiage for My Work Page


	Getting a new project off the ground can be such a daunting task! There are so many variables you have to
consider, like time deadlines, pricing, structure, and complexity. The list really is endless! Therefore my job
here is two-fold. On one end I intend to bring you the highest quality product or service that I can, whilst staying
within our set budget. On the other side I intend to keep you educated, informed, and up-to-date on the status of
our project so that the variables we discussed become much easier to manage. If you're interested (which I hope you
are!) check out some of these past projects I've done. Each include a small write-up or journal I kept during the
projects completition which should give you more insight into the process I use to complete each unique project.
